[Music]
>> Dan Wetzel: Energy systems integration
is a new field that sort of has a more comprehensive
look at the way that we as end users consume energy.
>> Ben Kroposki: Energy systems integration is a way of looking at the complete view of
energy systems, from electric power grids
to thermal energy systems, heating and cooling,
as well as fuel systems, and how these all
can be integrated together, and then touching
upon other domains, like water systems, communication systems, and how we can
optimize the complete view of energy across these areas.
Energy systems integration is a really important
topic, because right now in the United States,
we waste over two-thirds of the primary energy
sources that we use.
>> Bryan Hannegan: ESI is important because
it's the process and the pathway to a clean
and sustainable energy future.
>> Ben Kroposki: So the International Institute
for Energy Systems Integration was formed
really to bring together the best experts
around the world in this variety of energy
fields and link them together so that we can
create a more holistic view of how we do energy optimization.
>> Mark O'Malley: So iiESI is a mechanism
that certainly reflects the whole concept
of energy systems integration itself. You
can never be an expert in all parts of this.
You can only be an expert in your own part.
But if you work with people who are experts
in the other parts, when you can gain an understanding
of it. So iiESI has a very important role
in terms of bringing people together and understanding
all the parts of the energy system.
>> Ben Kroposki: It's really a way that we
can create a knowledge base so that people
that are interested in how to optimize energy
can come to a single location and find out
the latest information around this.
So the global collaboration with iiESI is
really important to its overall success. This
way, we're able to take the best examples
from around the world of people that are really
integrating energy systems, and really understanding
what's the best practices from those, and
translating that for the global community.
>> Linda Steg: I think it's important that
people from different backgrounds are included,
because everyone can help to solve this energy
puzzle. Everyone has one bit of information
that is crucial to help to solve this problem.
>> Dan Wetzel: Global collaboration is so
integral to the world solving its energy issues.
You need to know the technical dimensions
of these energy systems, but then also these
political/people dimensions as well, to really
make sure that these solutions get implemented properly.
>> Bryan Hannegan: What I find exciting about
this is the marriage of so many different
fields of expertise. It is so big, and the
challenges are so massive and so multifaceted
that no one laboratory, no one institution,
no one country, no one investigator, is going
to be able to solve this all. By definition,
the nature and the scale and the pace at which
we're trying to move demands collaboration
on the scale of the globe, on what we're trying
to do with iiESI, and that's why we encourage
everyone to get involved and help us with
this grand challenge that awaits.
>> Mark O'Malley: It many ways it was an idea
we thought was important internationally,
but the number of people who've interacted
with us, and how positively they've interacted
with us, shows us that in fact people do want
to work together.
>> Iris van Beuzekom: It's scary to go across
your own boundary and to try and work with
others from totally different fields. And
I think it's really inspiring to see that
that's what's happening here, and for me,
it's a great confirmation of indeed this is
important to work on, and we need to join
together and see what we can do.
>> Bryan Hannegan: If we get this right and
if we continue to make progress, we will find
a way to avoid having to choose between reliable
power and clean power, or clean power and
affordable power, or energy in some places
and not in others. We'll truly solve one of
the biggest societal challenges that we face
in a way that will endure for generations to come.
>> Sarah Truitt: iiESI is a multidisciplinary
network of world class researchers. Join us
and help us accelerate the evolution of energy
systems integration worldwide by becoming
a member or sponsor of iiESI. We have two
levels of membership and many sponsorship
opportunities. So visit iiESI.org to learn
more.